Add elementLabelProp (#79)
eclipsesource/jsonforms2-website: src/pages/docs/controls.mdx

<img src="/public/images/sortbuttons.png" />

### Label for array elements

**`elementLabelProp`**

> 

Reviewer: Add a codeblock with an example
```suggestion
options: {
  elementLabelProp: "propertyName"
}
```

> This option allows to set an element to be the main label the each array item. The value can be provided as a string or an array. More information can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows to set a property to serve as a label for each array item. The `elementLabelProp` can be provided as a string or an array. More information can be found here:
```

https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#get

By default the first primitive (string, number, integer) element will be used.

> In the following example the name will be shown instead of the message, because we provide the name prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example each element will be labeled with its name instead of its message because we provide the name prop.
```
